Hello knit a group of posts
of 2 nakida with one vertex
and with one reason for these posts
3 lifting loops knit do column
nakid 2 2 nakida
enter the key oh chick pull out two times
times remove 2 loops for now one
column in the same loop of the bottom row
enter the hook and pull out twice
we remove on 2 loop here already two
column throw two times a third time
too, we pull out the eyelet twice
We remove here we already have 3 columns with two
single base in them and now
there will be one vertex
three loops
3 columns 4 loops here we already
this column has turned out a group of columns
with one base from one peak
let them skip 2 loops
further knit
three loops throwing hooks
the next group of vision 1 2 let's say
in the third
next group knit threw 2
nakida hooked out
one loop and 2 1 for 2 loop each
we drag
and not taking out the hook here 2
loop do the following two nakida
include insert in the same eyelet
take out the bottom row remove 2
stretch 2 has been turned
the second column on our hook we already have
two column hinges and leading eyelet
throw another 2 2 nakida enter the hook
again in this base we take out and 2
tying 2 on hooks 3 loops 3
column and loop
leading through 3 5 river here
already got an eye a group of columns of 3
set with apex 1 and with one base
now about them after 2 loops
knit further 1 2 3 air loops and
knit in the next group of three
double crochets with one
tops and with one base
threw 2 nakida
and knit the next column in pairs
knit crochet once here
we knit 2 and 3 columns with a column
you can knit a different number here
one base and one vertex different
the number of bars the more you
crochet with two crochets in
one foundation is so magnificent you will have
column and knit in two
under which columns further knit for these
posts
3 lifting loops we start out of three
loops for how to column which
glad from the posts 1 2 we take out and
in pairs
knit
here is the first column here see the river
the second column is knitted in pairs and
third column
pulling out the columns for one centimeter
or one and a half centimeters and stretch
through all three
and then after two remaining such
single top bollards
and with one base 3 columns with two
with two naikida all the best